mrs. team is sponsored by mad catz he
actually uses a Korean stick oh wow oh
yeah I sent all good just for the off
bra thong a thong bak controllers you
stole my elephants hey man don't mess
with their elephants so wonder how he
got out of his Joyce I claws but yeah he
does use a joystick that use most
familiar with that he probably use going
at the 30 technique use Twitter in very
popular program yeah internet
penetration is actually the highest i
believe in korea really on the speech of
the fastest in the world in japan is a
sort of distant second I mean Asian you
guys have the best internet out there
because you can play I mean gamerbee
plays with Japan all the time right so
they're definitely high quality turn it
up there World War Matt Cutts
implications
go infiltration of course he's got a lot
of characters under his belt he's got
gokhan he's got a con but the distress
daughter is main yep he's gonna stick
with his main character right now I
think a lot of people forget of how good
this guy is because he's not as
flamboyant as is a car part and go when
kumbha wins he'll let you know that he
will take off his belt but implication
is a very low key and an equally skilled
player so people should take note of
them he was third I believe in one of
the evos ready for sea fighter
all right he's got thrown Wow nice
that's a fake fireball to make them on
and when they do to just throw when eric
pincus price to catch the backpack chuny
stock touch is too good but it was the
right need I got him with the cross up
there and into the vortex whole object
was really big trouble when she has no
meter to do the expending birth to get
him on suddenly I mean that's one of her
biggest weakness is a very bad defense
once she's under the extreme pressure
good blocking their butt Oh still a
chance it's got that ultra oh we
probably could I take a shower I would
have taken it yeah still we weren't zero
lighting is going to take it total
desperation fireball out didn't have the
charge once you've released that
should have jumped there instead of
locking it stripped out and you know
what I mean infiltration playing a very
fishing game he's taking his time he's
not putting himself into any position
that will just get him killed so I
actually like seeing the way that he's
playing right now I wonder how
infiltration got his name he'd probably
flipped open and the Oxford Dictionary
blindfolded just picked the name figure
down and his finger landed on
infiltration I mean I can't tell who was
a more menacing nickname implication or
die minion well you know in Fulcher I
mean it could be just you know he gets
into your mind you know he infiltrates
your mind takes control of you inception
Trey sure exactly where but then his a
good friend and teammate has a very
friendly friendly name AKA laughs yep
it's a really a tale of two two sittings
soul and facade
so no spotter now bond has switched to
rose let's see if this character which
works out for him he's hot absorbing
anything and he really should be
building meter with Rose all those
fireballs are free meter game proposed
about this days but it's just walking
though I don't like that and while he's
doing that infiltration is building up
this heater by doing empty flip the
hockey jumps oh that's gonna nice
Spencer Peter and make sure that she of
our roses that didn't need to but just
want to make sure you never want to let
any get any person a chance to make a
comeback
invitation to attend my building is
using all this meter the DX version is a
little more powerful Victor invitation
is maintaining a distance or roses wow
that's a really meaty one but the town
but this is like the link afterwards
miss the call go oh wow using that
divekick option in the demon flip the
delayed so he won't land on that
fireball yeah duplication spacing his
perfect Raiders nothing less Rose fight
in this is what I mean like he's not
winning he's not really losing and he's
up he could try to rush down his
opponent and get him you know cuz you
know you might perceive his opponent to
be mentally weak but he's just saying
that he's playing such a slow careful
game right now it's a questionable use
of the ultra combo to buy bond he is it
so far away and implication just blew up
those two orbs like throwing fireballs
they're gonna get the sweet rose just
one of those characters with the sweet
does when I counted the pots ooh that's
so key to it for task because it's a
hard knock down oh it's good right shit
but didn't get it using X I'm gonna take
it it gets a second ultra in one round
let's see if you can capitalize on it
and it's a low me to pick for trouble
there is start of time on that those
orbs so the opponent was first is when
chris has been defeated by infiltration
infiltration moves on in the bracket
like I said Chris